0-100K_complexcity_5
This is a conversation log between two iterators in a local group about two hundred and fifty miles from here.

Some parts of it are a little unsavory, but if you must hear it...

"1684.787 - PRIVATE
Expectation of Serenity, Unfathomable Geometries

EoS: Hey, Unfathomable Geometries. It has been a while.

UG: Indeed it has!

EoS: Look. I need help here...

EoS: I've been feeling many things lately.

UG: What is it? I doubt you're alone ~

EoS: I don't know what the point of all this work is. I know it's a game of probability, that one of us will break through if we try hard enough, but...

EoS: Is it worth all the suffering it causes? Over the last hundred years all that's happened is everyone going offline one by one...

UG: I understand that. Many have come across your same predicament before, and many more will come.

UG: I want you to think of all the progress we've had. Even in recent memory, we've come a long way!

EoS: I.. can see your point. But, is it worth it if so many people have died for it?

UG: They've sacrificed themselves for us! I imagine them peaceful, knowing we're doing better.

EoS: But we aren't, are we? I've begun to decline too.

EoS: I could always... deactivate certain processes, but I feel like that would untether me from the purpose of this world.

UG: Don't feel bad for thinking like this. We were made for computation, but processing feelings such as this is part of being alive. The Benefactors may have been flawed, but they did not hate us.

EoS: ...I see.

EoS: How are the others doing?

UG: The usual. Though, there's been a rumor going around. Details have become vague but apparently there's an iterator nearby researching a way to shove themselves into a simulation so they don't have to bother with the problem.

EoS: Haha! What's that going to do? Surely it would just rip them back into reality once their systems degrade and their can fails.

EoS: It is a very selfish way of going about things...

EoS: One more thing, I need to tell you about something I've been thinking of. It may be a bit disrespectful, though...

UG: It's okay! I'm right here if you want to tell me.

EoS: Do you know Silver of Straw? She wasn't far from here.

UG: I'm pretty sure I do.

EoS: I think she was onto something. Not with death in itself, but with perhaps overriding some safety protocols.

EoS: I need to think on it more, and do more research, but I think it's a possibility.

UG: I see.

UG: I think it's about time we get back to work. I wish you well, and try not to get yourself hurt.

EoS: Haha! Same can be said to you!"

It's a lengthy conversation. I hope they're doing well, but I doubt anything good came of this...

That's all, <PLAYERNAME>!